[gs][bm] Add GS for vcd (#7818)
deckhouse/deckhouse: ee/candi/cloud-providers/vcd/docs/ENVIRONMENT.md

## List of required VCD resources

* _Organization_
* _VirtualDataCenter_
* _VApp_
* _StoragePolicy_
* _SizingPolicy_
* _Network_
* _EdgeRouter_
* _Catalog_

> Organization, VirtualDataCenter, StoragePolicy, SizingPolicy, EdgeRouter and Catalog must be provided by your VMware Cloud Director service provider.
> Also, in the tenant, you need to grant the following rights to change VM parameters (use the [instruction](https://kb.vmware.com/s/article/92067)):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Organization, VirtualDataCenter, StoragePolicy, SizingPolicy, EdgeRouter, and Catalog must be provided by your VMware Cloud Director service provider.
Also, in the tenant, you will need to grant the following rights to able to modify the VM parameters (refer to the [instruction](https://kb.vmware.com/s/article/92067)):
```
